I'm Jim Fife and this is a show about
why we buy the things we buy and what
makes us say hey buy me that o buy me
that buy me that - I'm talking about
commercials and all the ways they try to
make you feel you can't live without
that you video game or those super cool
sneakers or that amazing toy but can you
really trust those commercials is what
you see always what you get we're going
to find out take a look at this
commercial for one of those hot-looking
high priced radio-controlled racers you
can't wait to get your hands on
typhoon - the fastest 9.16 turbo
hovercraft in the world typhoon
- he's bigger hotter giant turbo props
for maximum power rechargeable 9.60
battery pack
credible straight-line speed fly over
land and Wonder on a cushion of air
check out the way the typhoon 2 zooms
around that rocky may's look easy look
what happens when we hand the controls
to these kids watch them try to maneuver
the typhoon to around some obstacles
they set up when I can try to control it
didn't know it'd work it went like crazy
and everything is very hard when you're
on the obstacle course it would used so
hard to control because it would always
like crashing you'd have to stop the fan
and turn and someone had to turn to for
you you're used to always crashing
everything it didn't go really straight
it was it was very hard to control
that's odd and that's on all right
so the typhoon - doesn't handle very
easily on land but didn't they say
something about water fly over land and
water on a cushion of air Queen bigger
more powerful turbo motors rise now this
should be awesome
let's watch that typhoon fly now go go
on this can I try to carrots go
Wow in the commercial whenever they
launched it it went off whenever we
tried to just one call crashed in the
water we tried it many times and it
never worked
try to watch it once you put it like six
ions right try it again when we're gone
be careful you pick it out oh it blow
every two minutes your fixing is the
commercial it makes it look so good so
good that you really want to buy it and
then it's just not good
whoa got a power I think tatis power
ever get that sinking feeling not only
is the typhoon too much harder to
operate than it looks but guess what you
can only play with it for about 10
minutes before the battery dies another
little surprise
the typhoon - costs about a hundred and
twenty dollars and the battery and
recharger are extra at that rate the
only thing this baby burns up is your
money